Let's go ahead and calculate the feature importances.
The importance of feature zero is the importance of a node where it was used
for splitting which is node two divided by the total node importances.
Similarly, for feature one,
the importance of feature one is
the node importance where it was used for splitting which is node zero,
and divide that by the total node importances.
Feature two has an importance of zero because it was not used for splitting.
So you can see that the importance of feature zero was 0.66,
and the importance of feature one is 0.33.
The importance of feature two,
as we defined, is zero.
So we'll double-check with sklearn model.feature_importances for feature zero,
model.feature_importances for feature one,
and model.feature_importances for future two.
You can see that, well,
we calculated by hand,
this is the same as what you get from Scikit-learn.
Great. So, please continue on with the lesson.